So we enabled Google Maps API.
Let's now add maps to our project.
Now we could grab that import for the Javascript SDK and in our project we could add that to the index
HDD himself.
But that would always load the entire Google Maps Javascript SDK even if we're not using it yet.
And the effort is actually not the approach I will use.
Instead we'll dynamically import this when we need it.
So for that let's go back to our code and there let's plan which kind of components we now need or what
we want to add.
Now my goal is that when we create a new offer.
So on this new offer page in the existing form which we already have below our date inputs.
I actually want to add a new input that custom input which allows the user to click on a button let's
say.
And later on the preview of the location.
And that should open up a modal which presents a map where we can pick a location and later in the next
section where we tap into a native device features we will actually also add an option to all to locate
the user.
So I want to be able to pick a location on a map and therefore we'll have to add our own form control
so to say our own components dad allows us to do just that.
And hence I will add this.
So here in my ionic project I'll use ionic generate component and generate a new component which we
can use as that form control that allows us to pick a map and I want to store that in let's say the
shared folder and they are under pickers and of course the path is totally up to you.
And I'll named as location dash picker.
And again you can named as whoever you want and stored is wherever you want but in the end that kind
of describes what it is in a store in a shared folder because we could use that application wide in
any form where we need a picture for a map.
Now that location picker is in the end the component that should present a button and a preview of the
map snippet we picked later that allows the user to tap and then open up a modal.
Now for the modal that should open up all generate another component and let's say we do that just under
shared here the map that modal component that will be the component that holds the actual map and that
opens in a modal and that will be the place where we then also import Google Maps API or that Google
Maps Javascript SDK later.
So with these two components added here in the shared folder let's say continue and let's actually start
by ensuring that we open that model as fast as possible before we then focus on adding logic for the
user to click there and select the location.
So on the location picker here I'll start really simple by adding a death that should wrap basically
my entire picker logic and in the div here I want to have a I am button where I say select location
and that button will receive a color of primary let's say and yeah that doesn't sound too bad.
Now when this button gets clicked I'll fire or else trigger the on pick location method here and inside
of the button I actually also want to show I can let's say is the let's all Z I and I can here with
the name of map and the slot should be start so that this is nicely positioned in the button and let's
wrap the text in eye and label.
Not necessarily required but let's still do that to make sure that all the styling works out correctly.
So now we added this button with the icon and the label in there.
Now with that added We can add the on pick location method here to the location picker a component and
they add should be the method that actually opens up that modal that's displace the map thereafter.
Now if you want to load a modal or display a modal you know what that means we have to inject the modal
controller modal controller which we import from ionic angular.
That is what we did before in this application as well.
And now here I will use the modal controller and call create to create a new modal.
Here we now need to specified a component that should be loaded and that should be my map modal component
so let's add it here.
Now before we continue of course you need to make sure that you add at the airport but besides that
we need to make sure that the map modal component is added as an entry component to a module.
And speaking of modules DL I automatically added the map modal component and the location picture component
to the declarations of the app module.
Now that is actually not the place where I want this because I not be using the location picker in my
app component which is the only other component declared here and therefore which is the only component
where I could use that instead I'll remove these declarations from the app module and I'll add a new
shared module here in my shared folder.
Now the idea behind the shared modules simply is that I can thereafter import that share module into
any component or any other module that wants to use the location paper or the map model and that gives
us more flexibility.
So here I'll export a class shared module and we should add at N.G. module here and in there we can
all add declarations and I want to add my location picker component and the modal the map modal component
here.
And of course add to imports as well.
And now I also want to export that.
So the location picker component and the map modal component so that we can use them in any component
or in any modules components that imports that shared module.
I also will add entry components here and add the map modal component there and we'll also add a imports
array because I want to be able to use things like energy if in these components and therefore we need
to import the common module here from at angular common so with all that added We got the shared modules
set up and we can now import the shared module in all the other modules where we plan on using the location
picker or the map modal with that back to the location picture component.
Let's continue working on showing that map modal.